[DOCU-2989] Upgrade guidance + sessions parameter cleanup (#5181)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/upgrade-31x.md

  
### Changes to the Kong-Debug header

Added the [`allow_debug_header`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#allow_debug_header) 
configuration property to `kong.conf` to constrain the `Kong-Debug` header for debugging. This option defaults to `off`.

If you were previously relying on the `Kong-Debug` header to provide debugging information, set `allow_debug_header: on` in `kong.conf` to continue doing so.

### JWT plugin
    
The [JWT plugin](/hub/kong-inc/jwt/) now denies any request that has different tokens in the JWT token search locations.

### Session library upgrade

The [`lua-resty-session`](https://github.com/bungle/lua-resty-session) library has been upgraded to v4.0.0. 
This version includes a full rewrite of the session library, and **is not backwards compatible**.

This affects the following: 
* [Session plugin](/hub/kong-inc/session/)
* [OpenID Connect plugin](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/)
* [SAML plugin](/hub/kong-inc/saml)
* Any session configuration that uses the Session or OpenID Connect plugin in the background, including sessions for Kong Manager and Dev Portal.

All existing sessions are invalidated when upgrading to this version.

> For sessions to work as expected in this version, all nodes must run Kong Gateway 3.2.x or later with

Author: ```suggestion
For sessions to work as expected in this version, all nodes must run {{site.base_gateway}} 3.2.x or later with
```
